All right.
Welcome back I'm a student so it's tough for us to go to the controller.
We're going to started doing some stuff here first.
We're got to display the categories here.
Right.
So of the guys having a good day.
It's a beautiful day to be courting and to be doing what you love.
This should be getting pretty easy for you.
The more we do it.
I don't want you to fall asleep here OK.
You can learn something any time of the day.
And any part of any lecture that I make even though it might be look similar to the rest you might learn
something OK.
So always pay attention.
Don't go to sleep.
I know you're tired but keep it going OK.
All right.
Let's go to this real quick here and we can't explain the categories here.
All right now we're going to actually develop this a little bit in between columns so let's use to do
small sets.
Let's do two of these
and
you can get a small table.
So this play them or we can use a small table.
Oops.
That's a big table.
Well let's just display the idea here.
And the name
380 create it.
That's fine.
That's just three things there.
Come back here.
All right we're now going to display them unless we have some rhyme.
So if categories then display them
and if.
All right let's do that for each right here so we can loop through it
category.
Let's
eliminate it for each row.
Here are my
category ID
or you name
created
to for humans
.
Check it out real quick
Let's look.
This doesn't have a.
OK that's because it doesn't have a date.
OK that's fine.
Let's just do this here.
If he doesn't have a if he has a day with this play it would be nice if we had this one too.
If he doesn't display no date.
OK.
There we go.
All right.
So let's go back to end it real quick.
Actually we are in in this sorry about race so this last year is not working properly.
There we go.
We should actually be.
Explain this one.
Let's just do this one
in this table here.
OK.
And then we're going to create the categories and this one here.
All right let's do the form right here.
All right.
Post actually we are good with that man category's controller post.
We just need that title and that's that's that's good.
Actually almost almost there we just need to change that
so that
we
can even come back here.
We see that.
That's beautiful isn't it.
Let's try to do everything one step.
Guys.
All right.
We'll be beautiful.
We can do that.
And let's see.
In one lecture I mean.
And we are not
snus not here.
This is not it.
This is the guy right here.
I was wondering where my request was and we don't need this right here yes we already have an array
with requests.
Let's return that right
to demand categories.
All right.
Let's check it out.
What can we put here.
Let's do Java.
Even though that has nothing to do with jouster.
Don't confuse it.
There we go.
All right.
That's working.
BHB on steroids.
OK.
Let's just do this.
Lavell is BHP on steroids.
That's a good title for us and Tupperware say.
There we go see that beautiful.
You can of course put the updated time here when you when you guys put the updated version page right
when we get to that.
We'll do that.
All right perfect.
So we got a lot done.
You see how easy it starts getting after you complete the first.
A user is opposing everything.
Everything else after that is very similar.
So thank you so much for watching guys and I'll see you in the next lecture